well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so uh some of you may know i think i've
mentioned it before in live streams
hunter s thompson is somebody that i
draw a lot of inspiration from
i don't think that he has anything
published that i haven't read
for the last six months maybe a year
i've had one passage just bouncing
around
inside my head
it seems like a lifetime or at least a
main era
the kind of peak that never comes again
san francisco in the middle
60s was a very special time and place to
be a part of
maybe it meant something maybe not in
the long run
but no explanation no mix of words
or music or memories can touch that
sense of knowing
that you were there and alive in that
corner of time
and the world whatever it meant
there was madness in any direction at
any hour
you could strike sparks anywhere
there was a fantastic universal sense
that whatever we were doing was right
that we were winning sounds familiar
doesn't it
and that i think was the handle
that sense of inevitable victory over
the forces of old
and evil not in any mean or military
sense
we didn't need that our energy would
simply prevail
there was no point in fighting on our
side or theirs
we had the momentum we were riding the
crest
of a high and beautiful wave
that's pretty motivational right but
that's not the end of the passage
so now less than five years later
you can go up on a steep hill in las
vegas and look west
and with the right kind of eyes you can
almost see the high water mark
that place where the wave finally broke
and rolled back
we have more people politically engaged
in the united states than at any time in
recent memory
we can't let that wave break on november
3rd if biden wins
we keep fighting trump wins we fight
harder
it doesn't end we can't let it roll back
we have to keep the momentum going we
have to keep that wave moving forward
because the change we're looking for
starts with us in our backyards
us coming up with the systems and
structures
to take care of each other that deep
systemic change we want
it starts with us we have to build that
base of power
that can shape the country
because the end of the day
when all is said and done
we want the promises made good on right
i mean that's really what we want
we want all men created equal liberty
and justice for all
the pursuit of happiness
it's what we want that's
really what sums up that deep systemic
change that's the goal to give everybody
that
what i fear what i loathe
is the idea that biden wins and
everything goes back to normal
because normal well right now that
sounds great
normal is the system that gave us trump
it already existed was already there for
him to abuse
it was just his ineptitude
his rhetoric his lack of compassion
his apathy his incompetence it just
showed us a line on it
that's all that happened yeah he
is the forces of old and evil absolutely
but he didn't create that system it was
already there
and a biden win doesn't change that
it still exists it's there for the next
trump
the only way it changes is if we don't
let that wave break
if we keep that momentum going abiding
wind
cannot be the high water mark of this
we can't throw away this shot
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day